I&D, CDK: remove polygon 2.0 (#545)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/innovation-design/welcome.md

The Polygon Knowledge Layer consists of two parts. Firstly, documents that developers need in order to build with Polygon protocols. Secondly, resources necessary for learning about Polygon technologies.

This section offers a glimpse into the future, presenting a vision that is community-driven.

## The basics

Polygon technologies will help developers build in an elastically scalable and *unified* ecosystem of ZK-powered Layer 2s on Ethereum, where users can create, program and exchange value.

> Polygon envisions a unified multichain ecosystem. A web of interoperable ZK-powered Ethereum L2s, with near-instant and atomic L2 <-> L2 transactions, and designed to empower developers to build without limitations. Developers will choose to build dApps, design and launch dedicated application-specific L2 chains, or migrate existing EVM Layer 1 chains to become an L2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polygon envisions a unified multichain ecosystem. A web of interoperable ZK-powered Ethereum L2s, with near-instant and atomic L2 <-> L2 transactions, designed to empower developers build without limitations. An ecosystem where developers can choose to build dApps, design and launch dedicated application-specific L2 chains, or migrate existing EVM Layer 1 chains to become an L2.
```

> The endgame is to allow developers to build in an environment that feels and functions more like the internet. This means a blockchain ecosystem that can scale without limit, seamlessly unified, and backed by the decentralization and security of Ethereum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The endgame is to allow developers build in an environment that feels and functions more like the internet. This means a blockchain ecosystem that can scale without limit, seamlessly unified, and backed by the decentralization and security of Ethereum.
```

### Zero-knowledge is the key

Fundamentally, building this web of ZK-powered L2s comes down to one challenge: trustless, off-chain computation. In order to scale Ethereum, one needs to preserve Ethereum’s execution logic while making it more efficient.

The best way to accomplish this goal is through zero-knowledge cryptography as it is capable of providing verifiable proofs that attest to the integrity of off-chain computations. Otherwise, scaling technologies often have to add additional socio-economic mechanisms to mediate off-chain computations, which often results in delayed settlement of transactions.

> Future iterations will focus on applying the open source, zero-knowledge scaling technology developed at Polygon Labs, and this will allow Ethereum to scale to the limits of the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Future iterations will focus on applying the open source, zero-knowledge scaling technology developed at Polygon Labs, and allow Ethereum to scale to the limits of the internet.
```

> Future iterations will focus on applying the open source, zero-knowledge scaling technology developed at Polygon Labs, and this will allow Ethereum to scale to the limits of the internet.

Author: ```suggestion
Future iterations will focus on applying the open source, zero-knowledge scaling technology developed at Polygon Labs, and these advancements will enable Ethereum to scale to the limits of the internet..
```
